just like you have these things in your
head these notions that like if you're
homeless you're the bottom of the bottom
like you're low you're gross you're
nothing I didn't expect like you know
like roses and candy and yeah I knew it
was gonna be hard and I knew that I
couldn't just stay at my friend's house
all the time because you become like a
burden you know don't feel like you're
welcome anymore there were people who
were just doing drugs and looking
violent and I was so scared I was so
scared I felt like they would do
something to me I think it was really
hard because you get you kind of get
stuck at that point cuz you have to pay
for certain things and you can't even
pay for those let alone pay for rents
and pay for everything
I'll say yeah you need to pay for so it
really it puts a lot of stress a lot of
stress it's kind of like living every
day not knowing what's gonna happen you
know what you're gonna encounter you
know if you're gonna live if you're
gonna die like you know I grew up with a
lot of people who are around me that
died in front of me I just woke up and
was like no I can't do this anymore
like being homeless it sucks it's it's
it's difficult it's difficult you can't
can't live on the streets I personally
don't think I could do it again I think
the scariest thing for me was just
before I came here realizing like I have
no options lives you know you you try to
find help support you know somewhere
like this company knows it's I fit well
and everybody who sees me in there they
tell me like it's a perfect job for me I
got that job I've been there two months
now absolutely I love it I found a
moving job and that's what I'm working
now I've been working there almost three
months now now I'm in a cooking program
going to a placement getting a job I
work security I'm also in university
going into my third year and thank you
very much for contributing and being
awesome and I really do appreciate it
and I I do say thank you and all the
best to you guys I want to say thank you
to everybody for this whole for this
whole place for giving me the shelter
you know the support that I didn't have
growing up and just everything
everything in life in Africa they are
saying moon to the moon tuna Bank it
means a person is a person through
humanity through people taking part in
that's in great initiatives like these
we are building a whole big community
which is speechless like I'm grateful
for the skills of all people I've met
and like the way cover houses help me
and keep me off the streets with all my
heart thank you
you